---
slug: 0.8.1
title: Updates v0.8.1
date: 2023-02-04
authors: [tricky]
tags: [updates,stormworks,discord]
description: Updates - v0.8.1
---
export const Icon = ({children, type}) => {
  if (type=="a") return (<i class="fas fa-plus update-add" title="Added"></i>)
  if (type=="u") return (<i class="fas fa-arrow-up update-updated" title="Updated"></i>)
  if (type=="r") return (<i class="fas fa-minus update-removed" title="Removed"></i>)
  if (type=="m") return (<i class="fas fa-exchange-alt update-moved" title="Moved"></i>)
  if (type=="b") return (<i class="fas fa-bug update-bug" title="Bug"></i>)
  if (type=="s") return (<i class="fas fa-star update-star" title="Star"></i>)
}

Version 0.8.1 Updates

<!--truncate-->

## Website Updates

We now have a official Youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/@trickysserver

&#8203;<Icon type="a"></Icon> Brand new docs website - after much feedback we have decided to move all the guides to one area this includes any of the FAQs that were on the support website. Check it out and let us know what you think in general chat. (https://docs.trickys.gg/) <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="a"></Icon> Faction role management for HRP factions - factions can now manage their own roles via the website including Role names, role order, role permissions.. and much much more. Expect more updates to factions down the line, within a week you will also be able to invite players to the faction rather then creating a ticket. <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="a"></Icon> Cargo to Transaction History pages. - You can now view all cargo payments in your Transaction History (website). <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="a"></Icon> Tax and note column to Transaction History pages. - You can now see how much tax you paid and a note(these will also be available down the line to use when you send money to someone so you know what you sent the money for)

&#8203;<Icon type="u"></Icon> Home page layout - change a few things around. <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="u"></Icon> Staff page - all staff now have hyperlinks linked to their name, which will show you there profile. <br/>

## Discord Updates

&#8203;<Icon type="s"></Icon> Getting roles on Discord - This is important & we would recommend that you take a look at Customise Community on more details on this, as some channels could be missing for you. <br/>

## Stormworks Server Updates

&#8203;<Icon type="u"></Icon> Server 3 slot limit - HRP Server 3 slot limit has been changed from 10 to 12. <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="u"></Icon> Servers 3 & 4 settings - HRP Servers 3 & 4 default settings have been changed, megs & krakens are now off. We have done this as some users have been saying they are trying to do cargo & these beasts are getting in the way. <br/>
&#8203;<Icon type="u"></Icon> We are allowing players to apply for the <span class="staff-serverbuilder">@Server Builder Team</span> role. This role is normally given to players who want to help build environment mods for the sw servers & sw events. If you are interested then just [<a class="discord-text">#submit-a-ticket</a>](discord://discord.com/channels/710922135580835950/846373509470748722). We are only opening this for a very limited time. <br/>